.TH BOLA 1 "2025" "bola 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
bola \- Identity Orchestration Engine for BOLA/IDOR Detection
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bola
[\fIcommand\fR] [\fIflags\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bola
is a next-generation CLI tool for automated detection of Broken Object
Level Authorization (BOLA/IDOR) vulnerabilities in web applications.
.PP
Unlike replay-only tools such as Autorize and AuthMatrix, bola understands
resource ownership. It dynamically builds a resource graph from live proxy
traffic or HAR imports, then systematically tests cross-identity access to
every discovered resource with intelligent confidence scoring.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B proxy
Start the MITM proxy and build the resource graph. Configure your browser
to use the proxy at the configured address (default: 127.0.0.1:8080).
.TP
.B scan
Run cross-identity authorization tests against the built resource graph.
Compares responses to detect BOLA/IDOR with confidence scoring.
.TP
.B import \fIhar-file\fR
Import a Burp Suite or ZAP Proxy HAR export to build the resource graph
without live proxy interception.
.TP
.B report
Generate reports from existing scan results in the database.
.TP
.B config init
Generate an example bola.yaml configuration file.
.TP
.B version
Print version information.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-config " " \fIpath\fR
Path to the configuration file (default: bola.yaml).
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Enable verbose output with detailed logging.
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\-quiet
Suppress non-essential output.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help message.
.SH WORKFLOW
A typical bola workflow consists of the following steps:
.PP
1. Generate a config:
.RS
.B bola config init
.RE
2. Edit bola.yaml with target and identity information.
.PP
3. Start the proxy and browse the application:
.RS
.B bola proxy --config bola.yaml
.RE
4. Run the cross-identity scan:
.RS
.B bola scan --config bola.yaml
.RE
5. Review the generated reports.
.SH CONFIGURATION
bola uses a YAML configuration file. Run
.B bola config init
to generate an example with full documentation.
.PP
Key sections: target (base URL and scope), identities (auth tokens/cookies),
testing (workers, rate limit), analysis (thresholds), output (formats).
.SH FILES
.TP
.I bola.yaml
Default configuration file.
.TP
.I bola.db
SQLite database storing the resource graph and findings.
.TP
.I bola-report.json
JSON report output.
.TP
.I bola-report.md
Markdown report output.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Start proxy and capture traffic:
.RS
.B bola proxy -c bola.yaml
.RE
.PP
Import from Burp Suite HAR export:
.RS
.B bola import traffic.har -c bola.yaml
.RE
.PP
Run scan with verbose output:
.RS
.B bola scan -c bola.yaml -v
.RE
.PP
Generate reports from existing database:
.RS
.B bola report -c bola.yaml
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Successful execution.
.TP
.B 1
Error during execution.
.SH AUTHOR
Mutasem Kharma <mutasem@bola.dev>
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at: https://github.com/Mutasem-mk4/bola/issues
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mitmproxy (1),
.BR burpsuite (1),
.BR ffuf (1),
.BR nuclei (1)
.SH LICENSE
MIT License. See LICENSE file for details.
